Three kills follow orders
Take this woman down for me
Shattered corpse
Yes
Junior sister, even if there is a Dragon Temple today
Brother will also protect you
Let's go and leave it to him
The lady burns her wings and rests
put on airs
The strength of his general is indeed not small
But the three of me work together
You can't hold it either
Where do you get your confidence from?
minor failure
senior brother
Big brother
This Divine Dragon Palace is really amazing
The combination of three people is not even an opponent for the seven generals.
Did you see it?
The Dragon Temple only needs three soldiers
Ordinary people can teach you a lesson
And they are just my brothers
From the Dragon Temple to my guards
After all, my brother is second only to the dragon daughter in status
One of the four gods of war